(Episode 12)
Her eyes light up whenever
she sees something to eat.
Here.
Pick whatever you want to eat.
The test results should be in.
Let's call them.
I left my phone.
Are you going to eat all of this?
She must think I'm really rich.
No, just buy three.
Okay, fine.
You can't eat like this when
you're at a children's shelter.
Okay, I'll buy all of this.
What is a shelter?
Let's see. It's...
a place where kids like you...
gather, play, study,
and live.
Stay here. I'll pay for this.
I want to live with Dad.
Why is he here?
Genetic examination lab?
Paternity test?
Please wait one day.
Please do something
after the results are in.
Today is the day.
I need to dress up for a day like this.
After that, I will solve
this matter elegantly.
Mom.
- Mom. - Yes?
Are you going somewhere?
Why are you so slow for a young person?
Don't just fill your stomach
with things like that.
Fill your brain with knowledge.
Your head and mine are both empty.
So where are you going?
Today's the day your
father-in-law's paternity test comes in.
That's right. It's today.
Should we go to my in-law's house?
We shouldn't go there.
They're probably over "There".
Let's go "There".
Where is "There"?
They can't take a kid to a motel or a sauna.
"There" is the only place.
Okay.
Mom, are we meddling too much with their affairs?
I have three younger siblings.
Whenever your aunts and uncles were in trouble,
I would solve their matters for them.
I would always solve matters for my friends too.
My nickname is "The Whistle of Cheongdam".
Okay.
- Do your best blowing the whistle. - Okay.
Oh, my goodness.
What a mess they made.
Where did they all go?
Unbelievable.
Wait.
This is a kid's sock. Why is it here?
Why are there baby shoes? What are those?
I bought them as a present for So Won's wife.
But now that she isn't carrying a baby, I'll give them to her later.
Is there a kid in this house?
Yes, So Won.
Why are you answering his phone?
I called Father.
He must have forgotten his phone here.
Mom, where are you now?
At your studio.
Hey, does a kid live in this studio?
What?
A kid? Why do you ask?
I saw kid's socks.
Last time, I saw kid's shoes too.
I see. Well, that...
A kid from next door comes by time to time. Don't worry about that.
Wait, Mom. Don't stay there.
You should go home now. Hurry.
Hey, there's no way.
The house is in such a mess. I should clean before I go.
I don't want you to get tired. Just go home.
Hurry.
Don't worry about me.
But So Won,
there's a registered mail under your dad's name.
It's from the DNA Testing Center from Korean General Hospital.
What is this about?
What? That's...
Mom, did you open it?
You didn't open it, did you?
No, not yet.
What is this?
Don't open it. You must not.
Mom, you can't ever open that. Okay? You cannot open it.
I'm on my way, so don't open it.
This is driving me crazy.
Mr. Kim, if you see a fruit stand on the way, stop the car.
Why would you buy fruit at a time like this?
Look at you.
There's a kid. How can I go without bearing gifts?
Besides, that kid isn't just anyone.
That's your sister-in-law.
Hey, don't be mean to your sister-in-law.
You're right.
Now that I think about it, she's my youngest sister-in-law.
Goodness, it's unbelievable.
Don't open it. You must not.
You can't ever open that. Okay? You cannot open it.
What is this? Why is he making a fuss over this?
"DNA Testing Center from Korean General Hospital"?
(DNA Testing Center from Korean General Hospital)
"Grand-prize winner among hospitals with high level of satisfaction..."
"in paternity tests."
A paternity test?
What does this all mean?
"The test result shows a 99 percent probability of paternity..."
"between the client, Lee Shin Mo, and the subject, Oh Han Gyul."
What?
Do you want to live with a purpose?
Do you want to raise a kid? It's a girl.
This was it.
Mom!
(The result shows a 99 percent chance of blood relation.)
Did you know?
Did you?
This...
This was why.
Your father didn't even come home.
He spent days here.
Mom, please calm down. I'll explain everything.
Dad has done nothing wrong.
So don't get the wrong idea about this.
This is all a big misunderstanding.
A misunderstanding?
Then what is this?
It says his name, Lee Shin Mo.
It's clearly written on here.
Are you saying that this isn't his paternity test?
This is the test he requested.
He did have a DNA test.
But it's not what you think, Mom.
It says it's a 99 percent probability,
but this isn't Father's fault. What I mean is that...
Mom, please don't get the wrong idea.
Stop. I don't want to hear it.
Stop saying it's a misunderstanding. Where is your father?
Well, I don't know where he is.
So Won, are you here?
Yes, Father!
Take her off my back. She fell asleep.
Goodness, she's heavy.
Father, we have a problem.
A problem? What is it?
Mom's inside.
What?
Hey, why did you tell me that now?
I didn't come in here. Got that?
Young... Young...
Young Hye, you're here.
She's the next-door-neighbor.
I don't know why she sleeps here.
Goodness, she's strange.
Hey, take her home. Oh, my.
Goodness.
What are you doing?
What is this?
(The result shows a 99 percent chance of blood relation.)
How did this...
I was right.
Han Gyul is our family.
Oh, my.
When...
will it end with you?
You mistreated me and poured out your anger on me for 34 years!
As that wasn't enough, are you determined to ruin my life?
You want to drag my life into the gutter, don't you?
That's what you want, isn't it?
Honey, I take that you read this paper.
You mustn't jump to conclusions.
I swear to the universe.
I've lived my life without leaving a trace of shame.
Just because of this piece of paper,
I can't forgive you if you treat me like a scumbag,
cheater, and piece of trash.
What? Forgive me? You don't have the right to forgive me.
You don't want me to treat you as such because of a piece of paper?
Fine. Then you'd better start talking then.
That kid. Who is that kid?
The rest result shows a 99 percent chance of paternity with you.
So Won said himself that she's our family.
Who is that kid?
Mom, it's...
No. I clearly told you not to jump to conclusions.
Do you want me to make you regret treating me like a scumbag?
Mr. Lee Shin Mo!
Fine. I got it. I'll tell you.
I have nothing that's stopping me now.
I'll explain this clearly so you won't be able to talk back to me.
Don't be surprised when you hear this.
This kid...
is...
She is...
Father!
The door was open.
Goodness, it's already over.
Ms. Hong, I can't imagine what you must be going through now.
I can't believe this.
Everyone knew?
Everyone was in on this? You made a fool out of me?
How could you do this to me?
- Ms. Hong, men are... - I'm glad this happened.
This isn't something you can hide.
You'd better explain everything in front of everyone.
That kid.
Whose kid is that?
I'll tell you everything.
Mom.
The truth is...
she is...
- my... - His sister!
It's So Won's sister.
So...
she's my daughter.
I'm sorry, Young Hye.
Mom.
Did her mom die suddenly?
Why did you bring her so suddenly?
I'm sorry.
Goodness.
Mom, let me explain.
Calm down first.
Don't say anything.
I don't want to hear anything right now.
Just leave me alone.
- Mom. - Just leave me alone.
How did I become an adult like this?
I'm not welcome anywhere. I'm living life as a loser.
What's on your mind?
I'm thinking about the past.
Just a few months ago, I failed my interview,
and I was dumped by Myung Tae.
I even thought about ending my life.
What about now?
From tomorrow, I'm finally going to work at the headquarters.
I'm filled with emotion.
That's why life is exciting.
You don't know what will happen.
I have something to give you.
Close your eyes and hold out your hand.
My hand?
This is so sudden.
My fingers are rather thick.
Don't open your eyes.
Okay.
What is this?
Did you want to give me this?
Did you expect something else like a ring?
- I'll go buy one. - No.
I wasn't expecting a ring.
I'll open this.
What could this be?
It's a knife I used when first started.
Congratulations...
on properly entering the cooking world.
Start using this tomorrow.
Chef.
They say you shouldn't give a knife as a present to a cook.
I can't accept money from you.
I paid you generously.
You're being naughty.
I'm going to do my best.
Really?
Let's go shop for groceries as a date.
This is really expensive.
Why are you shopping now when we're starting work tomorrow?
It's Manager Joo's orders.
She asked to prepare a special meal since she'll eat with the chairman.
We need to go prepare beforehand.
That's why you're spending money generously.
The chairman must be very picky, right?
He must be. He has fine taste.
I'm curious about...
the private life of the successful businessman who was an adoptee.
He also had a lot of rumors at the hotel...
that he was very mysterious.
He hid his real name, so he was called "Mr. X".
That sounds like something a rich man would do. What else?
There was something unusual.
He doesn't like alcohol, so we couldn't use alcohol in his food.
He even threw out the alcohol from the minibar of his hotel room.
Is he allergic to alcohol like me?
Who did he travel with?
He was always alone.
Rumor has it that he was wounded by love,
so he remained single for the rest of his life.
Wounded by love?
Was he wounded by Manager Joo's mother?
Why are you so curious?
Ask him yourself when you meet him tomorrow.
It's hard to imagine...
that you're drinking something else than alcohol.
It's also hard to imagine...
that you are a mother now.
Do you only have a son and a daughter that I saw last time?
Of course, they're my only children.
Why are you asking that?
Just to be sure.
You wanted to have a child then.
That's why you wanted to get married.
Stop talking about the past.
I don't even want to think about it.
It looks like...
you're successful.
Successful?
I always thought about you.
Your sister said that you went missing from the river.
I never believed that.
That's why I wanted to make you regret...
when I saw you again.
That's why I was determined to make a lot of money.
Do you still own the restaurant in Seattle?
- Do you want me to? - I don't...
want to be involved with you anymore.
Please go back to America immediately.
I don't know how you found me,
but I'm not the old me that you knew.
I changed my name, and I have a family to take care of.
I won't let my family get hurt...
because of my past with you.
So?
You only hurt me,
and I committed a big sin to you.
But we're both unharmed and that's enough.
Let's completely end our ties here.
I came here to tell you that.
I came here thinking...
that there was something left in our relationship.
Are you saying that the past is just the past?
Okay.
As you said,
if we don't have anything left in our relationship,
it makes sense to ends things.
We'll never meet again.
Please go back.
Thank you.
It's all over now.
It really is all over now.
This is a photo when I first met Anna.
When you went to the Seattle Dance Academy?
Anna immigrated to follow her sister.
So was she a Korean-American?
Why did she change her name to Jung Hwa Young...
to live in Korea?
Was she in trouble in America?
She suddenly disappeared one day.
There were rumors that she was living with a man.
A man?
Who?
He was as student.
She met him while she was working part-time at the dance academy.
He told me he was managing a rather big restaurant in Seattle.
I don't quite remember his name.
Wait, it was "Jay". His name was Jay.
Is he American?
No, he was a Korean-American.
After that, I came back to Korea...
and haven't heard about her since.
Wait. You told me she had a sister.
Is she still in America?
I think so.
Her name is Sarah Kang.
She was a teacher at the Seattle Dance Academy.
Really?
Sarah Kang.
I beg you. She's happy right now.
Please don't do anything bad to her.
I don't know what this is about,
but it's already been 30 years.
Of course.
I was just curious.
Don't worry.
Please, I can't wait any longer.
I'm so anxious and worried. I need to know.
Who...
are you?
Is Anna Kang your real name?
Why did you change your name and hide your past?
What is it that you're hiding?
All right. I'll tell you everything.
But you should know this.
The reason why I didn't tell any of this to you or Tae Yang...
was because I didn't want you to share my burden.
If you had found out about this,
you would have been burdened, just like I was.
Tell me. It's fine by me. Tell me.
My name...
is Anna Kang.
I was in eighth grade when I moved to America.
My sister had married an American and was living in Seattle.
Is that...
where you met Tae Yang's father?
While I was living at her house,
I was stressed because I felt like I was being a nuisance.
That's when he came...
to me like a miracle.
Six months later, we decided to move in together,
and we were happy at first.
But when his business began to fail,
he began to change as well.
How?
He started drinking.
I tried my best to stop him.
I coaxed him, got angry at him,
and even tried to have a baby thinking it could change him.
And then... And then...
"the incident" happened.
"The incident"? What incident?
I have a son and a daughter that I had with my husband.
But I didn't have your child.
Sir, you need to pay for that.
Let me go.
Tell me. What happened?
Tell me.
What happened in America?
It was an accident.
I didn't do it on purpose. It was an accident.
Where are you going?
Let me go. I can't live like this.
Gosh. How dare you?
I did everything for you.
Why are you trying to leave me too?
Why?
Why? Why do you want to leave me?
Why do you want to leave me?
That's why you ran away to Korea?
I thought he was dead.
Jay! Jay!
Jay!
That's why I hid everything...
and lived as an unregistered person until I met Jin Ho.
But he's alive.
I just met him.
It was self-defense, but the fact that I had killed someone...
troubled me so much.
But now that I know he's alive,
I feel freed from that burden.
Does he...
know about Tae Yang?
He doesn't.
I found out that I was pregnant only after I came to Korea.
He won't find out about Tae Yang.
And he mustn't.
And he has no feelings for you...
left?
He promised not to appear in front of me again.
All right.
I am relieved.
As long as he doesn't find out about Tae Yang,
we don't need to see him again.
I'm sorry.
Are you disappointed in me?
To be honest,
I am very shocked.
Gosh, I'm so happy that we're going to...
dine with Chairman Kevin tomorrow.
I am worried already...
that you might keep eating even when the chairman is talking.
I'm worried about myself too.
In that case, I'll eat something before the meeting.
About four meals?
How about three?
Then I can eat an average amount when we dine.
I should definitely do that.
Wait.
- Isn't that Chairman Kevin? - I think you're right.
Chairman Kevin, are you all right?
Chairman Kevin!
Should I call 911?
Help me walk.
Can you walk?
Yes.
You should come out slowly.
Take me to my room.
I'll clean up. You should go first.
- Thanks. - Sure.
Let's go.
Chairman Kevin, you should sit over here.
Medicine... Give me my medicine.
Medicine? Where is it?
Here. It's in my desk drawer.
(Treatment for Alcoholism)
Dad!
Are you all right?
Here's the medicine.
Why are you here? Get out.
- If there's anything I could... - I said, get out!
Hold on.
Don't tell anyone about this.
Yes.
I'm so worried that I don't feel like eating.
What's going to happen to my youngest sister-in-law?
People should...
be generous.
People even adopt children from orphanage.
She's her husband's child.
She has no choice but to raise her.
I'm sure you'd do that...
since you're so generous.
No way.
I'm generous in every sense,
but I won't accept someone else's child.
Why not?
I have a reason...
from a long time ago.
That's all you need to know.
Really?
I wonder...
who her mother is.
Where did Father meet her and got her pregnant?
It's so obvious. There's no other place.
It's either from work or while he was drinking.
Genetics are really something else.
She looks just like your father-in-law.
No.
I was surprised to see how she resembles my husband.
Why would you be surprised? You idiot.
That's obvious between brother and sister.
That's right.
Chae Min must love her dad.
She stays next to her dad.
What are you doing?
She doesn't care.
What are you going to do now?
Gosh.
I think you made a mistake.
I can't lie anymore.
What else then?
Are you going to confess that she's your child...
and get divorced?
If you get divorced,
you'll lose everything including your house and hospital.
You'll be left with nothing.
You know what Mrs. Yang is like.
She'll be furious that you made her only daughter cry.
She'll take everything.
But I can't put the blame on you.
You may be fine, but I can't do this to Mom.
I know your mom better than you do.
She'll be like that for a few days, then she'll give in.
That's how much she loves me.
If that's true, why does she want a marriage graduation?
That's because other people instigated her.
Anyway, don't worry about a thing.
I asked her before.
She said she will never babysit her grandchild.
So I must say she's my child...
for your mom to take care of her.
My goodness.
Hey, So Won.
I'm old now,
but you're still young.
There's nothing left in my life...
except for making you successful.
You need to go higher,
be happier,
and be prouder.
Why would you leave a blemish?
I'll take care of all the unpleasant tasks,
so don't worry about anything, and walk on the flower path.
Like now. Okay?
Understand?
She's my daughter.
(Consensual divorce intention confirmation date)
It's on Thursday.
Mom. Mom. What's going on?
Why are you home so early?
You sounded sad.
Are you sick?
Sit down.
What's going on?
Tell me.
Ru Ri.
I'm so sorry.
I was going to wait until you get married...
in case you get criticized, but I can't take it anymore.
I'm so angry and stressed out...
that if this continues, I'll die.
I can't do this anymore.
What's wrong?
Did Dad say something?
What's going on? Tell me.
What's wrong?
Mom.
Ru Ri.
What am I going to do now?
Ru Ri. You have...
What is it?
You have a younger sister.
A half-sister.
What?
A half-sister?
She eats a lot just like Ru Ri.
Wait. No.
She's still my granddaughter.
I should raise her well.
Nowadays, it costs...
200,000 dollars to raise a child.
I should come up with a strategy.
(Working after retirement)
This is the answer.
Lifelong career development service?
(Lifelong career development program)
I boiled nurungji for you.
I know you didn't eat anything all day. Have some.
Do you want jangjorim?
What's wrong? Do you have an upset stomach?
Mom.
Are you okay, Mom?
You're sweating so much.
Your face is so pale, Mom.
I don't know why my chest feels so heavy.
What's wrong with Dad?
Mom. Let's just move out together.
I have a job now. Let's find a place with cheap rent,
and live on our own.
(Employment welfare center)
(Elderly employment counseling)
What field did you work in before?
I need to know your strengths and weaknesses before I help you.
I worked for a construction company for 34 years.
I retired as an executive.
I'll lower my expectation.
Please help me find a job as soon as I can.
Okay.
I'm in a rush...
to raise my young child.
- Young child? - Yes.
I see.
Let's focus on career development.
You can start with Lifelong Career Development.
I hope you can get reemployed after taking this class.
So...
Please come in.
Excuse me.
Wait a moment.
She must be your granddaughter,
but we don't allow children here.
My granddaughter... I mean...
My daughter is so young,
and I couldn't leave her alone.
- She's his daughter? - She's his daughter?
- She's your daughter? - Yes.
Oh, my. I respect you.
Do you think we can let him and his little girl stay?
- Of course. - Of course.
You should sit over there.
- You must still be strong. - I respect you.
You're really cool.
Today's the first class of this program.
We'll look back to our career in the past.
He's not my dad!
If I get reemployed,
I'll buy you everything you want.
So be quiet.
I'm sorry. Don't mind her.
Look here.
Today's topic is...
I'll take care of all unpleasant tasks,
so don't worry about anything, and walk on the flower path.
Like now.
Gosh, honey. Honey!
What are you doing? I know you're upset,
but this will ruin your stomach.
I feel like human trash.
Why would you say that?
It was your father's fault.
I can't imagine how upset your mother must be.
If I were in her position, I'd have bitten my tongue...
and killed myself on the spot.
But did she actually say she'll accept the baby?
I mean, the child is so cute.
That's why I want to ask you, Yeon Ju...
What?
If... If...
Yes?
If mom doesn't want to raise the child,
should we raise her?
Us?
It's difficult for you to get pregnant,
and you think she's cute.
No, I don't want to.
It will ruin the family tree.
She'd be my sister-in-law and my daughter.
For you, she'd be your sister and daughter at the same time.
Gosh, I don't know. It's so confusing.
And my mom will never allow it.
She's okay with everything else but not adopting someone.
She'll make us get divorced.
Of course. You're right.
Is this your house?
I told you...
that you need to call me dad from now on.
- Gosh. - Say it.
"Dad."
Even for you, it'll be hard to think of me as a dad.
If you go inside, you'll meet your grandmother.
You need to behave in front of her.
You should practice greeting her.
Like this.
"Hello."
"This is a present for you."
Try it.
"Hello."
Gosh, you're so stubborn. I guess you have my blood after all.
Let's go.
Mom.
Where are you trying to go this late at night?
I'm so sick of him.
I don't want to see him anymore.
No, I don't even want to breathe in the same room as him.
I'll get a room somewhere.
Mom, in that case, just wait a moment.
You shouldn't be alone.
I'll go with you.
Just wait a moment, okay?
Honey. Honey!
I'm here, Mrs. Hong.
Dad's here.
You're here.
Oh, my.
My sweet daughter is home early.
It seems like you've already heard everything.
Well, it just happened.
Anyway, well done.
It would have been hard for me to explain everything to you.
Well done.
Wait.
Come in.
Come here.
Is this her?
Yes.
She's... She's your sister.
Han Gyul, say hello to your grandmother...
I mean, your stepmother.
Here.
Good.
Dad!
Ru Ri, take her to your room.
- Mom. - Go.
Follow me.
Gosh, they look like great sisters.
It looked like...
two friendly rabbits going out...
You don't even deserve to be human.
Honey. Honey.
I'm sorry. It's all my fault.
It was a mistake.
I will never make the same mistake again.
If you forgive me one last time,
I'll pull out all my hair if I need to.
Please, I beg you. Just forgive me this once.
Please forgive me.
Let me go.
I can't. I won't.
If I let you go, you'll go out.
You know me well.
I never had any women problems.
I'm as pure and clean as the top of Mt. Halla.
It was just once. It was just one mistake.
That's why this happened.
If you're jealous about her mother,
you don't need to worry about that.
She's nothing compared to you.
It's something like a bird dropping to me.
It's the bird's fault, not mine.
Yes, yes, that's how I feel.
I'm so shocked, at a loss for words, and taken aback.
So this is something that we can laugh away.
Lee Shin Mo.
I won't burden you by telling you to raise that child.
I went to the Career Development Center...
and a kindergarten today.
9 to 5.
The kindergarten will look after the child from 9am to 5pm.
You don't need to worry.
- Listen to me. I don't want to... - No, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I will talk first. I will talk first.
You're so shocked that you can't think rationally.
It's not that I want to raise her for my own good.
Don't you know how nice it would be for you to have a kid again?
It's the second chapter of your life.
You'll start again from the age of 60.
Thanks to the kid, we'll try to keep healthy,
be happier together,
and moreover, we'll be patriots in this hypofertile age.
It's been proven statistically.
Women with late kids live younger.
That's what happened to you.
What? What is this?
Application for Divorce by Mutual Consent?
Do you remember that?
We went to court together.
(Application for Divorce by Mutual Consent)
Did you bring your identification card?
We can't do it now, but...
What are you doing? Hey, what are you doing?
Gosh, she's spiteful.
It was a month ago.
It'll be at 2pm on Thursday. See you at the court.
Divorce?
Who said I'll divorce you?
I begged your forgiveness. I just didn't kneel down,
but I begged you as much as I can.
You're backstabbing me again?
Do you think a divorce is that easy?
Fine. Try getting a divorce then.
I'm never going to divorce you. No matter what.
Divorce by consent won't happen if I don't show up.
No matter how many times you request,
I'm never going to show up.
Is that so? Then I'll sue you.
Sue me? You think that's easy?
It could take up to five years.
If you want to be a divorced woman even when you're old,
go ahead.
Why are you doing this to me?
Why won't you divorce me even after all this?
You still don't know?
Do you seriously not know?
Do you seriously not know how I feel?
Because I love you.
Because I love you forever.
Please stop, Dad.
Dad. What you're doing isn't love.
Mom said she can't stand it.
Mom said she's going to die.
Look at Mom.
Look at her if you have eyes.
Why is it...
It's all because of you.
It's because she's stressed.
Fester and scab. Fester and scab. That's how she lived until now.
Why are you doing this to Mom?
Why would you bug Mom so much?
Don't you feel sorry?
Don't you feel pity for her?
Why would you be like this?
Mom. Mom. Mom.
- Mom. Mom. - Honey.
- Mom. - Honey.
Honey. Young Hye.
- Mom. - What's wrong?
- Mom. - What's wrong with her?
Honey. Honey. Young Hye.
Honey. Honey.
Are you disappointed in me?
Honestly...
I'm shocked.
Mom. Dad said to come outside.
Why?
I don't know. He looked serious.
Now, for our beloved Jung Hwa Young,
we'll sing for you.
Since you're so down today,
cheer up listening to your favorite song.
I always miss you my dear
Where have you gone
to Your warmth left current of tears
Dear, come back to me
Come back dear, come back to me
I think only of you
You can't avoid my fiery love
Dear, come back
To me
Aren't they beautiful?
I'm really lucky.
Tae Yang. Woo Joo. Eun Byul.
I have the whole universe.
Someone as lucky like me...
must try harder than I did.
You asked me if I was disappointed, right?
I'll love you more...
than before I knew you.
Honey.
They say most precious thing in the world...
is the old wife who has spent her youth with you.
Let's...
get old together.
Come here.
Me too.
What?
Who is she?
Right. She's Ru Ri's half-sister.
She asked me to babysit her. I guess she hasn't come back yet.
What am I going to do?
I need to go to the army.
Healthy food for liver.
What's good for the base?
Why are you calling so early in the morning?
I'm in trouble, Manager Jung.
Ru Ri might not make it to work today.
It's her first day at headquarters. Is something wrong?
She cried so much last night.
Her mom collapsed.
What?
Which hospital is she at?
Honey. Wake up. Honey.
Honey.
Are you okay, Mom?
How do you feel?
Honey. Honey.
You don't need to worry. I'm right here. Honey.
Get out.
- Get out. Get out. - Mom.
- Get out. - Honey, calm down.
It's me.
Ru Ri. Tell your dad to leave.
- Calm down, Mom. - Get out.
- Calm down. - Mom.
Honey. It's me.
- It's me. - Excuse me.
It's fine. Calm down.
Everyone, please leave.
The patient needs to stay calm. Hurry.
Sir. We need to talk.
It's pretty serious.
Why? Are the test results bad?
Is my wife suffering from a serious disease?
That's not it.
I think she needs to see a psychiatrist.
Psychiatrist?
Is there something wrong...
with her mentality?
That's not it.
Her veins are fine according to the test,
but she collapsed because her frontal heart isn't moving.
What does that mean?
Has she ever said she has a trouble breathing...
or feels suffocated?
She did.
I always reprimanded her saying that its due to lack of exercise.
Anyway, I'll talk to the psychiatrist.
Thank you.
What was all that about?
Why would he make her sound like a crazy woman?
Gosh.